Add a note on CI runs not triggering s8s monitors (#26438)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_testing/troubleshooting.md

The first thing to check is which failure mode flags you are passing in your [global configuration file][3]. For CI runs that contain multiple tests, some tests are queued based on the parallelization setting defined on the [Continuous Testing Settings page][9]. You may need to adapt both your configuration and parallelization based on your organizational needs.

## Synthetics Monitors

> The CI doesn't trigger Synthetics monitors and do not factor into monitor evaluation at all, however failing runs will make the CI red. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CI does not trigger Synthetics monitors or incorporate them into monitor evaluations; however, failing runs will result in the CI showing a red status.
```
